How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

    For windows CMD, it was a little bit frustrating trying to locate the problem from many possible changes to the document.
    But for git bash, it was pretty easy to interprete the outcome of the command. All I had to do was locate the - and + sign
    to find the wrong spelling.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    From the example you gave early in the game. You decided to change some keys so you could enjoy the game better. 
    But somewhere along the line the game started malfunctioning and you also realised that the original keys where frustrating
    more better than the new one. 
    Think of how long it could have taken you to locate all these changes. I mean you will have to probably go through your code
    line by line to locate them. But with version control, all you need do is compare you old version with the new one and 
    in about few seconds, you will be able to see all the changes that has been made to it program.
    Also, when you have the history to a program, you can move back to a date when the program was best functional to find the 
    solution to your current problem.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically 
saved, like Google Docs does?

    PROS Git:
    In git, you have the chance to decide when and what to commit. WHich allows you to decide what you think is what commiting.
    I believe its your code and work as such, its important for you to decide what you can work with in future.

    CONS Git:
    Atimes, your computer might prompt to restart immdiately or even turn off automatically. That can cost you hours of work which has gone
    uncommitted. Its also within human error to forget atimes to save or commit their work history. 

    PROS Google Docs:
    You dont have to worry about saving and commiting your work since its done automatically should incase you experience any difficulties.

    CONS Googe Docs:
    Too many commits are recorded. Most of which might not even be useful to the user.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, 
treat each file separately?
     Git allow saving multiple files because they are more programming oriented, and several files create one group. 
     Google Docs treats each file separately because it is a documented oriented program, so each individual file is important in itself.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
    Git log is useful in viewing the commit history. Whereas we use git diff to see a detailed explanation of the changes between two
    commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
    I cant say for mow. Since I just used it now. But I guess I will find out in future. However, I did like to say the easy at which i 
    was able to scan through this multiple lines of commit and pinpoint the probelm simply by comparing the first know case of the problem
    with the last commit before the problem, is simply amazing and by far easier than looking for the problem line by line in my code. So, 
    yeah, I am a little bit more confident in fixing bugs in the future using git.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
    Everything.